well today we are in a village in the
top of the mountains of the area of
Veracruz this is village one Martine is
800 meters above the level of the siege
we have been visiting this area for
about five years with the mobile clinics
and well we started to find problems
mainly in truth but showing mainly and
some disease like city to talk for
example and the city tall mainly because
of the humid conditions but also because
of the pasturing of the animals and this
care of the hooves the animals we also
find some problems of cognitive
improvements in the back of the animals
in our project we're working with this
salary to try and improve the actual
harness sidled banks idols etc now this
is an interesting case this horse is
actually 24 years old its owner here
Juan Pablo walk he has had this horse
for 24 years and it is served them
extremely well however over the years it
has become aged lost condition and
actually as you can see the loose paper
because it's lost condition that the
saddle is actually caused injuries in
its bike and the horse is actually under
a certain amount of pain with the saddle
Nipigon but what our side laws are doing
is is they've actually got the saddle
and are actually trying to make it so
that it raises off the bike board off
the horse it's not the perfect solution
it wants to be retired but he's got to
use this animal as his means of
transport and consequently we are trying
to actually improve its
bueno hemos aprendido mucho de este
curso no estábamos haciendo aronia meant
a loss animal itõs a mean see Anthony
suffering national metal of a day care
wraps the paneer racket
estamos haciendo las casas Nicole
present on pero lo más importantes yes a
a staff and o de que los animales
chameleon to know me for coffee beans
una siente que los animales on him
Alistair también en su corazón seat OE y
que nosotros he chainsawed screams can
ascertain BMO
you